compose-app-handson: Adding Tutorial (#217)
foundriesio/docs: source/tutorials/compose-app/compose-app-shellhttpd-mqtt.rst

.. prompt:: bash host:~$, auto

    host:~$ gedit shellhttpd-mqtt/docker-compose.yml

**shellhttpd-mqtt/docker-compose.yml**:

.. prompt:: text

     # shellhttpd-mqtt/docker-compose.yml
     version: '3.2'
     
     services:
       httpd-mqtt:
         image: hub.foundries.io/<factory>/shellhttpd-mqtt:latest
         restart: always
         ports:
           - 8082:${PORT-8082}
         extra_hosts:
           - "host.docker.internal:host-gateway"

The ``shellhttpd-mqtt/docker-compose.yml`` file has all the configuration for the 
``shellhttpd-mqtt`` Docker Compose Application.

Where: 

- ``httpd-mqtt``: Name of the first service.
- ``image``: Specifies the Docker Container Image from ``hub.foundries.io/<factory>/shellhttpd-mqtt:latest``. Which is the Container Image created by the FoundriesFactory CI based on the Dockerfile in the ``shellhttpd-mqtt`` folder. In this case, the same folder.
- ``extra_hosts``: Map the container to access the device localhost over the address ``host.docker.internal``.

The ``Dockerfile`` is a text file that contains all the commands to assemble 
the ``hub.foundries.io/<factory>/shellhttpd-mqtt:latest`` Docker Container Image. 

> The FondriesFactory CI will compile and publish it. Finally, the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FoundriesFactory CI will build and publish the image. Finally, the 
```

Docker Compose Application above will specify it.

Check the content of your ``shellhttpd-mqtt/Dockerfile`` file:

.. prompt:: bash host:~$, auto

    host:~$ cat shellhttpd-mqtt/Dockerfile

**shellhttpd-mqtt/Dockerfile**:

.. prompt:: text

     # shellhttpd-mqtt/Dockerfile
     FROM alpine
     

>      RUN apk add --no-cache mosquitto-clients
>      RUN apk add --no-cache vim

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     RUN apk add --no-cache mosquitto-clients vim
```
this will result in one less layer for docker to have to download
